MINUTES for phone meeting on 060104.
Present: PGT, MJI, JL, Frantz

- Science directory exists, but Mike didn't realise when putting other
Sydney stuff in the repository.
  ACTION: Peter to add and commit science and fizeau/nirc in repository.
- Flats/darks for Pharo are not generally accessible.
  ACTION: Frantz to put existing flats and darks in paddock/data.
- calc_bispect and calibrate_v2_cp are still scripts, and maybe a little 
unweildy. Given that the analysis information all exists in the cubeinfo 
file, these can be made into .pro files.
  ACTION: Mike to change these .script files to .pro files.
- File names for matched-filters are not completely consistent.
  ACTION: Mike to tidy-up make_mf.script and add tidied-up versions to 
inquire_pharo.pro.
- The fizeau/pharo directory has several different scripts.
  ACTION: Frantz to tidy up directory and change mkPharoCube to some
kind of cube*.script file. Also, make_olog to be called in this script.
- We decided to keep the cube and cubeinfo-making scripts as scripts for 
now.
- More sophisticated flagging of data is required in general for
the calibration script (to become a pro...).
  ACTION: Mike to complete the data flagging code.
- Mike announced that the issue of chip orientation (especially for pharo) 
has been mostly completed.
  ACTION: Mike to place an orientation document in fizeau/documentation
- Mike reported that simulated binaries were performing reasonably in the 
pipeline, when using data based on shifted calibrator interferograms. 
Frantz remembered some problems with his binary simulator code.
  ACTION: Frantz to put the simulated data code in masking/util, and to 
have a play with it again.
- Peter noted that logs from the most recent NIRC2 run hadn't been 
distributed, and that basic checks of the data also hadn't been done. Mike 
forgot at the time that he had reduced lkHa 330 data, but that it didn't 
show anything and it was difficult to know what upper limits to place on 
resolved flux because of inexperience with NIRC2 data.
  ACTION: Peter to try reducing some data from the previous run, and 
distribute logs etc.

